---
layout: post
title:  "HOW TO SETUP WINDOWS 11"
author: EARTH
categories: [ Jekyll, tutorial ]
image: assets/images/home.jpg
tags: [sticky]
---

 If you want to keep the installation, you need to select the option to retain Windows settings, personal files and apps. For a full upgrade, the default setting used by the installation wizard is to store personal files (including drivers, apps and Windows settings). 
On the next title page, you can force your PC to upgrade or use the installation wizard to create a bootable USB installation drive so you can get Windows 11. One is to use the Install Assistant app, which you can install on your computer and trigger a normal upgrade to install the Windows update. The second is the use of the Windows 11 Media Creation tool that automates the process of generating the USB drive and downloading and installing the ISO file. 
Windows 11 is supported in many ways, and the installation instructions in this guide will make you perform a clean installation with a bootable USB stick. To get Windows 11 you will need a bootable USB medium to perform the clean installation that you can create with many tools, including Microsoft Media Creation Tool and Rufus. If you already have a USB drive, you can boot from it and perform the installation by running the Windows 10 Setup App, just like a normal upgrade installation. 
After checking that your target system meets the required requirements, you should download the Windows 11 ISO file. Run the batch file when the command prompt is open to download all the necessary files so that Microsoft can create the ISO file for you. 
The Windows 11 Media Creation Tool installed by Microsoft can create an installation file that can be copied to a bootable USB drive or burned on a DVD. You will be required to use Create Windows 11 installation media instead of downloading the Windows 11 disk image (ISO) option as Microsoft will not allow you to use Windows 11 on unsupported hardware. Using a tool from UUP Dump (UUP) you can download Windows11 ISO file (the latest version) and use it to create bootable installable USB sticks to install Windows 11 on a virtual machine. 
If your computer meets Microsoft hardware requirements, you can install updates for Windows 11 without waiting for Microsoft to update your update page. Once deleted, open Microsoft's Download Windows 11 page for compatible computers (it does not need to be a PC to install Windows 11). 
Preferably you have previous updates installed, you will see the option to receive Windows 11 and click Download and Install to start the upgrading process. If you are registered or have an existing Insider Preview, you can install the new build under Settings > Updates and Security > Windows Insider Program. When a Windows 11 Insider Preview build appears, you can download it and install it as if it were a regular Windows 10 update. 
You can install Microsoft's PC Health app on your device by opening it and clicking the Check button, and it will recognize the system configuration and let you know if your device can handle Windows 11. To set the boot sequence, start a USB stick with the Windows 11 installation files. Restart your device (if it is off) and press the boot key to access the Boot Options menu on the device where you can select Windows 11 as the bootable device to start installation. 
Now that you have managed to obtain an ISO image of Windows 11, our next step is to create a bootable installation media for Windows 11 which will help install Windows 11 on your device. If Windows 11 has already been installed on a virtual machine (in which case you can skip to step 19 ) you will need to generate bootable Windows 11 installation data from your Windows 11 ISO file. 
You need to use a website called uupdump.net which provides you with a script to download and turn the necessary files to a Windows 11 ISO from Microsoft itself. If you already have Windows 11 on Linux installed, you know that an ISO file is a disk image you use to create a bootable USB stick or write to an optical disk to boot a virtual machine. Both versions are available as ISO files, which means that you can install Windows on a USB or other flash drive. 
As it turns out, the easiest way to install Windows 11 on a computer with an older CPU without having to repair the drive or delete all files is to burn the ISO on an external USB drive. Rufus is a USB stick with at least 8 GB of ISO files and the official Windows 11 ISO burning tool, but you need something new from Microsoft for your system. 
Before you install Windows 11 on your PC, it is important to ensure that your device meets the minimum requirements for installing the operating system listed on the Microsoft website. To use the Windows 11 installation wizard, you will need a PC health check tool on your computer. If you choose to install Windows 11 on a device that does not meet the minimum requirements of Windows 11, you should recognize and understand the risks you are creating by following the registry key values that can be circumvented by looking for TPM 2.0, or at least TPM 1.2, required for CPU families and models. 
If you want to use a Microsoft account to make a clean installation of Windows 11 with a secure approach, it offers integration with various cloud services and synchronization of content across devices. The first is that you can put an ISO file on an existing Windows machine and perform an on-site update to perform a clean installation in addition to the current installation. 
